Update docs to clarify the way aliases are used in CTEs (#5795)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/alias.md

* If a custom alias is _not_ specified, the identifier of the relation is the resource name (i.e. the filename).
* If a custom alias is specified, the identifier of the relation is the `{{ alias }}` value.

> In the special case of an [ephemeral model](/materializations), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the special case of an [ephemeral model](/docs/build/materializations), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.
```

> In the special case of an [ephemeral model](/materializations#ephemeral), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the special case of an [ephemeral model](/materializations), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.
```

> In the special case of an [ephemeral model](/docs/build/materializations), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** With an [ephemeral model](/docs/build/materializations), dbt will always apply the prefix `__dbt__cte__` to the <Term id="cte" /> identifier. This means that if an alias is set on an ephemeral model, then its CTE identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ alias }}`, but if no alias is set then its identifier will be `__dbt__cte__{{ filename }}`.
```
